What about my grandson?
The chairperson unplugged the young master's instrument
Almost got him killed
He is now going to the general
terminate immediately
All cooperation between Huakao Group and Jiangjia
Pick up my grandson
The heir to the world's largest Huazan Group by market capitalization
How could it be me?
Dad?
I must show you the true face
Mom and son miss home and come to tear our house down
Mom, wait for me.
Xiao Cai has donated bone marrow for you to save your father
What else do you want?
Your son takes the money and disappears
Didn't donate at all
Almost got my dad killed
He took the money and ran away
I have to tear this place down today
possible
My son will do what he promised
There must be some misunderstanding
Go away and do it
Stop